You provide your explicit informed consent to enter into an ongoing market contract with
energy locals and confirm that you are the authorised person at the property to do so.
You have a 10 business day cooling off period that will commence once you have received
your welcome email and include a copy of your customer market contract and other terms and
conditions.
Any additional fees and charges will be clearly stated in your welcome email.
Please read it thoroughly.
You can cancel this contract at any time and you will not incur any exit or termination
fees.
Invoices and all other correspondence will also be sent by email.
If you do not receive your welcome pack within two business days of joining, please check
spam and junk and if necessary contact energy locals for further assistance.
All rates are inclusive of GST.
If you are moving into your property, a reconnection fee may apply and will be passed through to
you from your distributor on your first bill.
If you move out of the property, we will need to organise disconnection of power and the
fee for this will also be passed through to you directly from the distributor on your
final bill.
Please ensure there is clear access to the meter box for the connection to be completed.
If you do not have clear access to the meter box, you will need to call energy locals meter
team on 03 900 2616 to organise.
If you are transferring, the transfer is expected to be completed within the next two business
days and may be based on an estimate.
Energy locals may vary your rates and fees including the structure and nature of your
tariffs in accordance with the clauses of your market customer contract and terms and
conditions.
You will be notified in writing at least 5 business days before they change.
Your electricity prices and variations to them are specific to you.
They may be different to prices charged to other customers.
If your meter is manually read, we will receive the data from your distribution company every
three months.
Your bill will be sent within a few days of receiving a valid read.
If you have a smart meter with remote communications, bills will be monthly and based on an actual
read.
Customers on our online member plan will receive customer service by online only.
You agree to contact energy locals primarily via email, online chat or self-serve through
your online account.
Energy locals will use the information you provided to confirm your identification and
to do a credit check.
To find out more about how energy locals collects, uses, holds and discloses personal and credit
information and for information about how to access and correct that information or
make a complaint, see energy locals privacy statement and policy at energylocals.com.au
privacy-policy.
A Victorian energy fact sheet or basic plan information document is also available upon
request or by visiting www.energylocals.com.au.
If applicable, you can send to pay your electricity usage via a direct debit arrangement.
Direct debit will result in the full amount owed debited from your nominated bank account
on the due date.
In the result of a dishonoured payment, you understand you will be charged $11.
The sales representative may receive a commission.
You may be contacted as part of an audit procedure to confirm your understanding of and consent
to this contract.
Can you please confirm your acceptance of the market energy contract to which you have
now entered into a clear yes or no?
